Tadaang! is a contest-based engagement platform for both brands and employers. Contests naturally foster interaction, allowing your customers and employees to be engaged, educated, and entertained effortlessly.

Purposes are

Increase Brand Awareness
Contests let consumers interact with the brand and learn about it, building brand awareness.

Data Collection
First-party data is obtained directly from consumers, making it highly reliable, accurate and valuable as no mediators are involved.



Engage Customers
Fun-filled contests that invoke curiosity and other elements in alignment with the brand values.

Educate Staff
Interactive contests to train the product attributes to sales staff and internal teams.

ADVANTAGE TADAANG are:

Reach
Tadaang helps brands identify their customers by tapping into people's natural need to 'play. We take advantage of social media's potential by advertising the games on social media.


Engagement
Tadaang is a contest platform where there’s a high engagement channel; between users and brands. We bring in high value for brands in the minds of users.


Technology
Tadaang considers technology as the biggest asset for interactivity and spreading brand knowledge to the users. Building interactive games with technology facilitate greater outcomes.

WHY TADAANG?
We enable HR departments to implement and execute contests that drive employee involvement and excitement through our employee engagement platform.
Ideal platform to impart company values, education on products & services.
Gain insights for training programs.
We provide Ideas, Technology, Implementation & Support.

 What is Tadaang?
Tadaang is a digital platform that uses engaging games and contests to connect businesses with consumers. We help brands identify their customers by tapping into people's natural need to 'play.'   

 How can an online contest help my brand?
A contest helps the brand establish a connection with the customer. The customer will spend more time/engage with the brand to win a prize. During this interaction, a bond can be established with the customer. Contests can help brands convey product details, highlight product USPs and increase brand recall

 What are the different objectives which Tadaang can accomplish?
Tadaang offers multiple options depending on the marketing objectives. Tadaang can be used to
Increase awareness ( for ex: new features / hidden features/benefits)
Drive footfalls (To store locations)
Convey product information ( Help customers discover this by going to the brand/product website or marketing literature)
Educate the customer

 Can the platform be used by Government agencies?
Yes, Government agencies can utilize the platform to reach out to consumers and spread awareness about Government programs, procedures, schemes etc.

. What are the different applications of Tadaang? Where can it be used?
Augment existing campaigns
Exhibitions and Trade fairs
Store launches
Mall Activation
Engaging existing customers – If you have a database of customers, you could run a contest every month. This will be a good option for supermarkets, D2C brands, E-Commerce platforms etc.

 Does Tadaang work with ad agencies?
Yes, we are happy to work with ad agencies

Who all can play the contest?
Anyone who has completed 18 years of age can play the contest regardless of the gender, status of the job etc.

Is there any fee to participate in the contest?
Tadaang is a a free-to-play platform. There is no fee to participate

Is registration a must for participating with the contest?
Yes. Those who wish to participate in the contest have to register first before playing the contest.

Is there any restriction on the no of contests a participant can play?
No. There is no any restriction on the no of contests a participant can play. In fact, we encourage you to play as many contests as possible to increase your chance of winning. However, for most contests, you are allowed only one attempt. 

 How long does a contest run?
Normally, contests run for a period of 15 to 30 days. 

 What are the different contests/games on offer?
Matching game, Spin the wheel, Jigsaw puzzle, Quizzes, Find the product, Word match, Snake & Ladder, Maze, Find the next etc. We can also design custom contests depending on the product, target and information to be conveyed.

How is a contest winner selected?
The person who solves the puzzle or answers the question correctly or finishes a task the fastest is the winner. However, if there is more than one winner, a lucky draw will be conducted to decide the winner. The lucky draw will be conducted by the promoter of the website and their decision will be final. 

How are winners informed about the prize?
Winners will be informed about the prize via mail and over the phone. The details of the winner and the prize will also be posted on Facebook & Instagram.

How do winners get their prizes?
Prizes are sent across to the winners by Indiapost or courier. In certain cases, the winner (or his representative) may have to collect it from our office physically

What is Contest Marketing?
A contest marketing campaign is a marketing strategy designed to get audience members to compete in a meaningful way with the intention of winning a prize. A brilliantly planned contest marketing campaign earns significant engagement and builds brand awareness among the right audience.

WHY TADAANG?
Tadaang offers a range of interesting contests that connect your brand with consumers helping better engagement, brand awareness and loyalty.

Highlight product/brand attributes via engaging contests.
A unique platform streamlined to ensure a smooth experience for your participants.
Contest landing pages that can be customised according to your brand guidelines.
Creative, ideas, technology, implementation, support – all under a single roof.

USE CASES:

Store Launches
Tadaang offers a range of captivating contests designed to build connections with the ideal audience in a targeted environment. This strategy not only enhances brand visibility but also contributes to shaping a positive brand image.

Mall Activation
Integrating contests by Tadaang at malls creates a direct connection between a customer and the brand, fostering engagement and nurturing relationships with the consumer base. This approach is an effective strategy for building and strengthening brand connections.



Exhibitions
Placing contests in exhibitions helps boost excitement around the event. It adds a lively element, attracting attendees to the venue. Tadaang has curated contests specifically designed for exhibitions, ensuring a perfect fit for creating a dynamic and engaging atmosphere.

Product Launch
Crafting engaging contests is an innovative approach to generating excitement and anticipation surrounding the introduction of a new product in the market. Tadaang excels in creating such captivating online and offline contests.



Online Promotions
Online promotions are key to building a strong digital presence for brands, providing an effective means to reach a wider audience. And, to boost the impact of online promotions, it is important to establish engaging connections between your business and customers. Tadaang offers a variety of exciting online contests that captivate one’s attention and connect with brands.